c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\bin\Debug\net8.0\rpg-monogame.exe
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\bin\Debug\net8.0\rpg-monogame.deps.json
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\bin\Debug\net8.0\rpg-monogame.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\bin\Debug\net8.0\rpg-monogame.dll
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\bin\Debug\net8.0\rpg-monogame.pdb
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\bin\Debug\net8.0\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\bin\Debug\net8.0\NVorbis.dll
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libopenal.so.1
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSDL2.dylib
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\SDL2.dll
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\obj\Debug\net8.0\rpg-monogame.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\obj\Debug\net8.0\rpg-monogame.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\obj\Debug\net8.0\rpg-monogame.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\obj\Debug\net8.0\rpg-monogame.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\obj\Debug\net8.0\rpg-monogame.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\obj\Debug\net8.0\rpg-monogame.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\obj\Debug\net8.0\rpg-mono.BE5E3FE2.Up2Date
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\obj\Debug\net8.0\rpg-monogame.dll
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\rpg-monogame.dll
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\obj\Debug\net8.0\rpg-monogame.pdb
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\obj\Debug\net8.0\rpg-monogame.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\rpg-monogame.dll
C:\Users\Mateusz\Documents\Programing\Mobile projects\rpg-monogame\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\Textures\Soldier.xnb
